Documentation/BatchDocumentation/samples/hello-world/create-pool-and-job-with-templates/readme.md, before:

# Azure Batch Pool/Job Template

This sample shows how to create a pool, and run a parametric sweep job on it, using *parameterized* templates.

The pool template allows you to specify the number of virtual machines and their size through parameters.

The job template allows you to specify the scope of the parametric sweep through parameters.

## Prerequisites
You will need an Azure Batch account. See [Create an Azure Batch account using the Azure portal](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/batch/batch-account-create-portal) for details.

## Preparation

Modify the parameters specified in `pool.parameters.json` to configure your pool. Available parameters are defined in `pool.json`:

| Parameter | Required  | Description                                                                                                                 |
| --------- | --------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| poolId    | Mandatory | The id of the Azure Batch pool.                                                                                             |
| vmCount   | Optional  | The number of virtual machines. <br/> Defaults to **3** if not otherwise specified.                                         |
| vmSize    | Optional  | The size of the virtual machines that run the application. <br/> Defaults to **STANDARD_D1_V2** if not otherwise specified. |


Modify the parameters specified `job.parameters.json` as appropriate to configure your job. Available parameters are defined in `job.json`:

| Parameter | Required  | Description                                    |
| --------- | --------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| jobId     | Mandatory | The id of Azure Batch job.                     |
| poolId    | Mandatory | The id of Azure Batch pool which runs the job. |
| taskStart | Mandatory | The sweep start parameter.                     |
| taskEnd   | Mandatory | The sweep end parameter.                       |

Ensure the `poolId` parameter in each parameter file is the same.

## Run commands

To create your pool:
``` bash
azure batch pool create --template pool.json --parameters pool.parameters.json
```

**You are billed for your Azure Batch pools, so don't forget to delete it through the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com) when you're done.** 

To create your job:
``` bash
azure batch job create --template job.json --parameters job.parameters.json
``` 

## Monitor the job
You can use this command to monitor the tasks in the job and their progress:
``` bash
azure batch task list --job-id <jobid>`
```
You can also use the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com) or [Batch Explorer](https://github.com/Azure/azure-batch-samples/tree/master/CSharp/BatchExplorer) for monitoring.

## Structure of the sample

| File                   | Content                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `pool.json`            | A template for defining a new pool.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| `pool.parameters.json` | Provides values for the parameters defined in `pool.json`. <br/> You will need to provide a value for `poolId` before pool creation will succeed. If you do not want to use the default values for `vmCount` or `vmSize`, add values for those parameters to this file before creating the pool. |
| `job.json`             | A template for a new job.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| `job.parameters.json`  | Provides values for the parameters defined in `job.json`. <br/> You will need to provide actual values for these parameters before job creation will succeed.                                                                                                                                    |

Note that the **taskFactory** feature used in `job.json` is an experimental feature currently only available through the XPlat CLI.

## Troubleshooting

### "The value provided for one of the properties in the request body is invalid."

This error will occur during pool creation if you have not modified the `pool.parameters.json` to provide a legal pool id.

This error will occur during job creation if you have not modified the parameters in `job.parameters.json` to specify the job id, pool id and so on.

In either case, review the `azure.err` listed in the logs to see more details about the error.

Commit message:

Update readme for the template sample

Documentation/BatchDocumentation/samples/hello-world/create-pool-and-job-with-templates/readme.md, after:

# Azure Batch Pool/Job Template

This sample shows how to create a pool, and run a parametric sweep job on it, using *parameterized* templates for both the pool and the job.

## Features used by this sample

* [Pool and Job templates with parameterization](Documentation/BatchDocumentation/templates.md)
* [Parametric sweep task factory](Documentation/BatchDocumentation/taskFactories.md#parametric-sweep)
* [Task per file task factory](Documentation/BatchDocumentation/taskFactories.md#task-per-file)

## Prerequisites

You will need an Azure Batch account. See [Create an Azure Batch account using the Azure portal](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/batch/batch-account-create-portal) for details.

## Preparation

Modify the parameters specified in `pool.parameters.json` to configure your pool. Available parameters are defined in `pool.json`:

| Parameter | Required  | Description                                                                                                                 |
| --------- | --------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| poolId    | Mandatory | Unique id of the Azure Batch pool to create.                                                                            |
| vmCount   | Optional  | Number of virtual machines. <br/> Defaults to **3** if not otherwise specified.                                         |
| vmSize    | Optional  | Size of the virtual machines that run the application. <br/> Defaults to **STANDARD_D1_V2** if not otherwise specified. |

Modify the parameters specified `job.parameters.json` as appropriate to configure your job. Available parameters are defined in `job.json`:

| Parameter | Required  | Description                                                                                                   |
| --------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| jobId     | Mandatory | Unique id of the Azure Batch job to create.                                                                   |
| poolId    | Mandatory | Id of Azure Batch pool which runs the job. <br/> Must match the `poolId` used for the pool (see above).       |
| taskStart | Mandatory | Start index of the parametric sweep.                                                                          |
| taskEnd   | Mandatory | Finishing index (inclusive) of the parametric sweep.                                                          |

## Run commands

To create your pool:
``` bash
azure batch pool create --template pool.json --parameters pool.parameters.json
```

**You are billed for your Azure Batch pools, so don't forget to delete it through the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com) when you're done.** 

To create your job:
``` bash
azure batch job create --template job.json --parameters job.parameters.json
``` 

## Monitor the job
You can use this command to monitor the tasks in the job and their progress:
``` bash
azure batch task list --job-id <jobid>`
```
You can also use the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com) or [Batch Explorer](https://github.com/Azure/azure-batch-samples/tree/master/CSharp/BatchExplorer) for monitoring.

## Structure of the sample

| File                   | Content                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `pool.json`            | A template for defining a new pool.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| `pool.parameters.json` | Provides values for the parameters defined in `pool.json`. <br/> You will need to provide a value for `poolId` before pool creation will succeed. If you do not want to use the default values for `vmCount` or `vmSize`, add values for those parameters to this file before creating the pool. |
| `job.json`             | A template for a new job.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| `job.parameters.json`  | Provides values for the parameters defined in `job.json`. <br/> You will need to provide actual values for these parameters before job creation will succeed.                                                                                                                                    |

Note that the **taskFactory** feature used in `job.json` is an experimental feature currently only available through the XPlat CLI.

## Troubleshooting

### "The value provided for one of the properties in the request body is invalid."

This error will occur during pool creation if you have not modified the `pool.parameters.json` to provide a legal pool id.

This error will occur during job creation if you have not modified the parameters in `job.parameters.json` to specify the job id, pool id and so on.

In either case, review the `azure.err` listed in the logs to see more details about the error.
